feat: implemented Remix server adapter and runtime for Netlify (#16)
netlify/remix-compute: packages/edge-demo-site/README.md

# Welcome to Remix!

- [Remix Docs](https://remix.run/docs)

> - [Netlify Edge Functions Overview](https://docs.netlify.com/netlify-labs/experimental-features/edge-functions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Netlify Edge Functions Overview](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/)
```
This link has been updated and redirects here now.

## Netlify Setup

1. Install the [Netlify CLI](https://www.netlify.com/products/dev/):

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli
```

If you have previously installed the Netlify CLI, you should update it to the latest version:

```sh
npm i -g netlify-cli@latest
```

2. Sign up and log in to Netlify:

```sh
netlify login
```

3. Create a new site:

```sh
netlify init
```

## Development

The Netlify CLI starts your app in development mode, rebuilding assets on file changes.

```sh
npm run dev
```

Open up [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000), and you should be ready to go!

## Deployment

> There are two ways to deploy your app to Netlify, you can either link your app to your git repo and have it auto deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to deploy your app to Netlify. You can either link your app to your git repo and have it auto deploy
```
[sand] Option to break this sentence up a bit for readability.

> changes to Netlify, or you can deploy your app manually. If you've followed the setup instructions already, all you need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes to Netlify, or you can deploy your app manually. If you've followed the setup instructions already, run:
```
[sand] Option to shorten this for clarity.

Author: I think this is an older version. The current text is this. Not sure why that wasn't appearing, but GitHub is having some issues with commit suggestions at the moment, so maybe that's why you didn't see my latest commits. 🤔 

```
# Remix Demo Site for Netlify Edge Functions

This is a demo site for [Remix](https://remix.run) apps running on
[Netlify Edge Functions](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/).

It is used to test the @netlify/remix-edge-adapter and @netlify/remix-runtime packages. It is not intended to be used as
a template for Remix apps.

```

# Remix Demo Site for Netlify Edge Functions

This is a demo site for [Remix](https://remix.run) apps running on
[Netlify Edge Functions](https://docs.netlify.com/edge-functions/overview/).

> It is used to test the @netlify/remix-edge-adapter and @netlify/remix-runtime packages. It is not intended to be used as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this site to test the @netlify/remix-edge-adapter and @netlify/remix-runtime packages. This site is not intended to be used as
```

# Remix Demo Site for Netlify Edge Functions

> This is a demo site for [Remix](https://remix.run) apps running on

Author: Mind having a peek at this @stephmarie17? It's to the point, but just want to make sure about the wording. All the stuff I removed will be reworked into the actual Remix template.
